Class Project Retrospective
==================================================

# Retrospective Activity
For our class project retrospective, we were unable to meet in person so we decided to use the FunRetrospectives website to find a suitable activity. The retrospective activity we decided upon is titled "Problems and Actions". The activity is described as writing individual problems on their own sticky notes, and then allowing all team members to write proposed solutions on other sticky notes and to attach them to the problem sticky note. In our case, we did a virtual equivalent. Our problems ranged from being very general in nature such as a perceived lack of Ajax experience among the team members, to much more specific issues such as being unable to figure out how to connect the team's Azure web app to the Azure database. However, among all the problems listed, the ones that yielded the most discussion were listed as "Deviating from descriptions", "Not being specific enough", and "Design not being prioritized enough". All three of these problems can be broadly categorized as planning issues, and that fact did not go unnoticed by the team. Much of the discussion and proposed solutions focused on being far more rigorous in the planning stages of a sprint, in order to eliminate all uncertainty, and then adhearing to our plans without deviation. Even more specifically, spending far more time fleshing out exemplar form user stories was agreed upon to be one of the best plans moving forward.

# What the team learned
While each team member had specifical technical skills to list while talking about what was learned, ranging from working with Azure to specific Bootstrap and CSS tricks, the biggest ones were based more in groupwork than individual skills. Coordinating with team members, understanding git push/pull rhythm and managing time in general were some of the most impactful skills aquired over this time.

# What isn't going well
This question yielded responses that felt very similar in theme to those from the previous question. Namely, the team determined that the two major issues are that the planning procedure is not detailed enough to yield correct exemplar stories to guide the team's work, and that the team is not starting work on projects early enough to avoid having to cram when approaching deadlines.

#What the team can do better
Taking what was discussed in earlier questions, the team agreed that more time to create detailed exemplar user stories as early as possible is essential to moving forward. On top of that, detail and styling in general will be given more emphasis than it has been so far this term. Finally, the team agreed to be more vigilant and consistant about engaging in mindful standup meetings, and not allowing members to be too lax about them. Clear communication, and detail early on is absolutely essential.

#What the team needs from others
Going forward, the thing that the team expressed the most concern with was implementing authentication correctly, in a way that would fit our two user-type set up. We've watched the uploaded videos about identity, but are still unsure, which we will need to consult our instructor about. 